Initial build (#1)
netuitive-community-packages/netuitive-packages-aws-route53: README.md

# netuitive.packages.aws.route53

> A set of Netuitive analytics configurations, polices, dashboards, and reports that are used to monitor performance of AWS Route 53 (R53) resources.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A set of Netuitive analytics configurations, polices, dashboards, and reports that are used to monitor performance of Amazon Route 53 (Route 53) resources.
```
Amazon uses `Amazon Route 53 (Route 53)` to describe Route 53.

Author: Done.
